this is airport teuge December 8
made mark of a bow goes here
his fatal jump and it would be such a beautiful
jump because the Netherlands was
completely white that day, Mark left
from the national paracenter teuge of the
boogaard jumped in his year and a half
membership about 150 jumps he was
so you regularly but nobody knew him
really good but i know of seeing and
of a short chat but mark was one
friendly yet very introverted person
how the accident could happen is one
puzzle the parachute and the reserve
parachute are not open and also in
third security did not work
one still has a third chance just like that
saying that its automatic opening
it seems that he did not fire either
and that automatically open that opens the
parachute
If the jump itself does not do that
is an electronic device that
a minimum height drain so that
the parachutes his life is saved
that market had such an automatic
open well all jumpers have to
here with it there is no system that
records whether paratroopers will be back
but the social ones arrive at the airport
control, on the other hand, is very large
if something stands out then we are anyway
A what we do we also order taco then
take action so apparently you
any kind of that we think when you
something is not going well what he wants is
a task of the master and the lory
multiple
to say where we have large entrance
make jump on line that was alone and
actually arrange everything alone so
he didn't have any fellow players though
jumpers who sat at minus plane
but not that together with him the joy
the beautiful spring shared the jump
weather also seems to be contributing to the
long time between being
body and the accident
it was cold so few people come
outside and the farmer did not come to his field
research is still being done into how
The accident could happen that he didn't
once noted that is of course sad
that is painful and we are through that
Shocked are couples walking on world
shocked